 
Python Software Foundation Staff | Python Software Foundation
Notice: While JavaScript is not essential for this website, your interaction with the content will be limited. Please turn JavaScript on for the full experience. 
Skip to content
▼ Close
                
Python
PSF
Docs
PyPI
Jobs
Community
▲ The Python Network
                
Donate
≡ Menu
Search This Site
                                    GO
                                
A A
Smaller
Larger
Reset
Socialize
LinkedIn
Mastodon
Chat on IRC
Twitter
About
Mission Statement
Board of Directors & Officers
PSF Staff
Annual Impact Report
Fiscal Sponsorees
Public Records
Legal & Policies
PSF FAQ
Sponsorship
PSF Sponsors
Apply to Sponsor
Membership
Sign up as a Member of the PSF!
Membership FAQ
PSF Elections
Nominate a Fellow & Fellows Roster
Donate
Donate to the PSF
Become a Supporting Member of the PSF
PSF Matching Donations
Volunteer
Volunteer for the PSF
PSF Work Groups
Volunteer for PyCon US
Grants
Grants program
Grants Program FAQ
PyCon US
News & Community
Subscribe to the Newsletter
PSF Blog
Python Community Code of Conduct
Community Awards
Discourse
 
Python Software Foundation Staff
Deb Nicholson
Executive Director
Deb Nicholson joined the PSF in April 2022. She is an experienced non-profit professional and passionate open source community builder who has worked at the Open Source Initiative, Software Freedom Conservancy and the Open Invention Network. She is also a founding organizer of the Seattle GNU/Linux Conference, an annual event dedicated to surfacing new voices and welcoming new people to the free software community. She'll be building on the PSF's existing work to strengthen and diversify the global Python community, identifying new education and outreach opportunities and increasing technical and organizational capacities. She is a sci-fi nerd who lives with her partner and her lucky black cat in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Loren Crary
Director of Resource Development
Loren joined the PSF in November 2021 to grow and diversify the PSF’s base of financial support. She will work with members, donors, sponsors, grant-awarding organizations, and the Board of Directors to expand the resources available to run our programs and strengthen the long term sustainability of the PSF. Loren has a B.A. from Amherst College and a J.D. from Stanford Law School. Prior to the PSF, she spent seven years leading fundraising and strategic revenue growth for Educate!, a non-profit social enterprise serving youth in Uganda, Rwanda, and Kenya. Outside of work, Loren enjoys solving cryptic crosswords, writing fiction, and playing with her rescue pup.
Ee Durbin
Director of Infrastructure 
 
Ee joined the PSF after years of volunteering with the PSF Infrastructure Working Group, PyPI, and PyCon US. They support Python community infrastructure such as www.python.org, pypi.org, and mail.python.org collaborating with volunteers from from around the globe. Internally, Ee takes responsibility for evaluating, strengthening, and implementing systems used by the PSF staff and board of directors to fulfill our mission. Outside of the PSF Ee enjoys making and consuming tacos, riding their bikes, and convincing themself that their cats love them.
Phyllis Dobbs
Controller 
 
Phyllis joined the PSF in January of 2017.  She is a CPA in the state of Illinois, has a B.S. in Accounting from Clemson University, and an M.B.A from Duke University.  After beginning her career in public accounting, she worked in educational publishing  for over 14 years including supporting Ed Tech group.  In 2015, she switched to supporting small non-profits in accounting, tax, budgeting, payroll, and human resources matters.  In her spare time, Phyllis enjoys practicing yoga, reading, traveling, and serving as a Library Board Trustee.
Olivia Sauls
Program Director
 
Olivia joined the PSF in August 2021 to assist in the planning of PyCon US and provide administrative support. She holds a B.S. in Biology and a B.S. in Nonprofit Management from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and has worked in various roles throughout the nonprofit sector. When she’s not working, Olivia can be found attempting and failing DIY projects, hiking with her dog, or spending time with friends and family.
Joe Carey
Accounting Manager 
 
Joe joined the PSF's accounting team in 2019 to support the accurate recording and reporting of the PSF's activities. He is a CPA who has been using Python to make accounting easier since 2016, and he holds a B.S. and M.S. in Accounting from the University of Texas at Arlington. In his spare time he builds things and dreams up plans for additional entrepreneurial pursuits.
Laura Graves
Senior Accountant 
 
Laura joined the PSF in February 2019 to assist with processing grants and donations, tracking expenses, and other general accounting functions. She has her Master's of Accountancy from the University of Alabama, and has worked in various accounting roles across many industries. When she's not working, Laura can usually be found reading, scuba diving, or petting a nearby dog.
Seth Larson
Python Security Developer in Residence
 
Seth joined the PSF in June 2023 as the Security Developer in Residence. He works on broadly improving the security posture of the Python ecosystem across many projects including CPython and PyPI.
Outside of work, Seth enjoys playing games of all varieties, tending to his garden, and eating at new restaurants in his hometown of Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Mike Fiedler
PyPI Safety and Security Engineer
 
With over thirty years of software and systems experience, Mike is a seasoned professional who has accumulated extensive knowledge and expertise in the field. He has actively engaged with the Python community, contributing to open source projects and sharing his insights. His leadership roles at companies like Datadog, Warby Parker, and others have enabled him to mentor and guide others in the tech industry. Recognized as an AWS Container Hero and an avid open source maintainer, Mike's dedication to learning, problem-solving reflects his holistic approach to technology.
Beyond his professional pursuits, Mike's personal life is just as vibrant. He has been a dedicated volunteer roller derby referee for the past 15 years, and he enjoys experimenting with various vegetarian dishes in the kitchen. Mike currently resides in New York City with his partner, Elyssa.
Marisa Camacho
Community Events Coordinator
 
Marisa is entering the PSF team as the Community Events Coordinator from a Sustainable Peacebuilding and community engagement background. They have focused much of their work on digital arts and culture and have worked on various events, from an international peace conference to a film festival, to a gala fundraiser, and even a fashion show. For fun, Marisa loves to bake, paint, read, and watch a lot of movies-horror being their favorite genre.
Marie Nordin
Community Communications Manager
 
Marie joined the PSF in October 2023 as Community Communications Manager to strengthen our communications, as well as enhance our support of Python community initiatives. She has a background in community architecture, program management, Code of Conduct, and graphic design. Marie's Open Source journey began as an Outreachy intern in 2013 for the Fedora Project, where she has continued to contribute and serve in various roles. She is also a founder of the Creative Freedom Summit, an annual event dedicated to sharing knowledge around creative free software, raising awareness, and connecting artists and designers. Outside of work, Marie enjoys making art, solving the hardest jigsaw puzzles she can find, and playing board and video games.
    
The PSF
The Python Software Foundation is the organization behind Python. Become a member of the PSF and help advance the software and our mission. 
▲ Back to Top
About
Applications
Quotes
Getting Started
Help
Python Brochure
Downloads
All releases
Source code
Windows
macOS
Other Platforms
License
Alternative Implementations
Documentation
Docs
Audio/Visual Talks
Beginner's Guide
Developer's Guide
FAQ
Non-English Docs
PEP Index
Python Books
Python Essays
Community
Diversity
Mailing Lists
IRC
Forums
PSF Annual Impact Report
Python Conferences
Special Interest Groups
Python Logo
Python Wiki
Code of Conduct
Community Awards
Get Involved
Shared Stories
Success Stories
Arts
Business
Education
Engineering
Government
Scientific
Software Development
News
Python News
PSF Newsletter
PSF News
PyCon US News
News from the Community
Events
Python Events
User Group Events
Python Events Archive
User Group Events Archive
Submit an Event
Contributing
Developer's Guide
Issue Tracker
python-dev list
Core Mentorship
Report a Security Issue
▲ Back to Top
 
Help & General Contact
Diversity Initiatives
Submit Website Bug
Status 
Copyright ©2001-2024.
                             Python Software Foundation
                             Legal Statements
                             Privacy Policy