 
Work Groups of the Python Software Foundation | Python Software Foundation
Notice: While JavaScript is not essential for this website, your interaction with the content will be limited. Please turn JavaScript on for the full experience. 
Skip to content
▼ Close
                
Python
PSF
Docs
PyPI
Jobs
Community
▲ The Python Network
                
Donate
≡ Menu
Search This Site
                                    GO
                                
A A
Smaller
Larger
Reset
Socialize
LinkedIn
Mastodon
Chat on IRC
Twitter
About
Mission Statement
Board of Directors & Officers
PSF Staff
Annual Impact Report
Fiscal Sponsorees
Public Records
Legal & Policies
PSF FAQ
Sponsorship
PSF Sponsors
Apply to Sponsor
Membership
Sign up as a Member of the PSF!
Membership FAQ
PSF Elections
Nominate a Fellow & Fellows Roster
Donate
Donate to the PSF
Become a Supporting Member of the PSF
PSF Matching Donations
Volunteer
Volunteer for the PSF
PSF Work Groups
Volunteer for PyCon US
Grants
Grants program
Grants Program FAQ
PyCon US
News & Community
Subscribe to the Newsletter
PSF Blog
Python Community Code of Conduct
Community Awards
Discourse
 
Work Groups of the Python Software Foundation
Active Work Groups
Code of Conduct Work Group
Diversity and Inclusion Work Group
Grants Work Group
Infrastructure Work Group
Python Job Board Work Group
Marketing Work Group
Packaging Work Group
Scientific Python Work Group
Trademarks Work Group
Inactive Committees & Work Groups
Outreach & Education Work Group
Sprint Work Group
Public Support Committee (PSC)
Public Relations Committee (PRC)
Python Conference Committee (PCC)
Cuban Pythonistas Work Group
Active Work Groups
Code of Conduct Work Group
Formed:May 2018
Mailing List:conduct-wg at python.org
The workgroup's purpose is to foster a diverse and inclusive Python community by enforcing the PSF code of conduct, along with providing guidance and recommendations to the Python community on codes of conduct, that supports the PSF mission of “ongoing development of Python-related technology and educational resources”.
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation add the following new members to the code of conduct work group: Anwesha Das, Brett Cannon, Jeff Triplett, Kenneth Reitz, Maricela Sanchez Miranda, Philip James, Rami Chowdhury, Sasha Romijn, Thomas Wouters. Approved May 31, 2018
Since the workgroup has started, Kenneth Reitz has resigned.
Diversity and Inclusion Work Group
Formed:November 2020
Notes:https://wiki.python.org/psf/DiversityandInclusionWG
The workgroup's purpose is to further the PSF’s mission to ‘support and facilitate the growth of a diverse and international community of Python programmers.’ We also aim to provide guidance to the PSF Board of Directors in line with this mandate.
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation approve the creation of the PSF Diversity and Inclusion Working Group to actively further the PSF’s mission to ‘support and facilitate the growth of a diverse and international community of Python programmers.’ The group will be formed under this charter: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uvIztyTLr6Cq4yQpNCjPlIl5pYlUjYYYqWCG1ZQrkHE/edit?usp=sharing
Grants Work Group
Formed:August 2015
Mailing List:psf-grants at python.org
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation acknowledge the creation of the PSF Grants Workgroup to review proposals to the PSF for grants in support of conferences, training workshops, and related projects.
Infrastructure Work Group
Formed:April 2010
Mailing List:infrastructure at python.org
This committee works on making concrete plans for improving python.org
infrastructure and to address technical infrastructure broadly.  The
board created this committee at a special meeting on March 24 2005.
In June 2013, this committee was formed into a PSF Working Group.
The charter for this working group can be found here.
Python Job Board Work Group
Formed:July 2018
Mailing List:jobs at python.org
This working group was created to help manage the job board with the support of PSF staff.
Current resolution July 2018:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation acknowledge the creation of the Python Software Foundation Jobs Work Group to manage, review, and approve job postings.
Marketing Work Group
Formed:August 2015
Mailing list:psf-marketing-wg at python.org
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation acknowledge the creation of the PSF Grants Workgroup to review proposals to the PSF for grants in support of conferences, training workshops, and related projects.
Packaging Work Group
Formed:May 2016
Notes:https://wiki.python.org/psf/PackagingWG
Mailing List:packaging-wg at python.org
The purpose of this working group is to support the larger efforts of improving and maintaining the packaging ecosystem in Python through fundraising and disbursement of raised funds. It will largely focus on efforts such as PyPI, pip, packaging.python.org, setuptools, and cross project efforts.
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation acknowledge the creation of the PSF Packaging WG to support the larger efforts of improving and maintaining the packaging ecosystem in Python through fundraising and disbursement of raised funds https://wiki.python.org/psf/PackagingWG/Charter
Scientific Python Work Group
Formed:April 2015
Mailing List:scientific at python.org
This working group shall draw on the expertise of both the PSF and NumFOCUS, and on the broader scientific Python community in general, to select the best use of its budgeted funds to advance the scope, breadth, and utility of Python for scientific work.  In essence, the purpose of the group is to grant funds allocated to it by PSF and/or NumFOCUS towards conferences, user groups, educational, and development efforts.
Current resolution June 2015:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation recognize the Scientific Python Workgroup as an official PSF workgroup.
Trademarks Work Group
Formed:November 2008
Mailing List:psf-trademarks at python.org
This committee assesses actual and proposed uses of the Python
trademarks.  See the PSF Trademark Usage Policy.
Work group resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Trademark Committee shall be a working group of the Python Software Foundation, co-chaired by David Mertz and Marc-André Lemburg. Membership shall consist of co-chairs and additionally Carl Trachte, Doug Napoleone, David Goodger, Van Lindberg. Co-chairs shall, by joint agreement, have the power to add or remove committee members, with the current membership roster to be approved by the Python Software Foundation Board of Directors at least once per year
Approved 7-0-1 by IRC vote, 16 August, 2013.
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that a Project Management Committee designated the
"Trademarks Committee" (TMC) be formed with David Goodger,
Marc-Andre Lemburg, Van Lindberg, David Mertz, Doug Napoleone,
James Tauber and Trevor Toenjes as initial members, and James
Tauber as the initial chairman, and that the Trademarks Committee
shall, when so instructed by the PSF Board, assess trademarks for
compliance with the current PSF Trademark Usage Policy and advise
the PSF Board on what action, if any, to take.
Inactive Committees & Work Groups
Outreach & Education Work Group
Formed:June 2011
Mailing List:outreach-and-education at python.org
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the PSF form an official "Outreach and Education"
project management committee with the goals of identifying key
initiatives, programs and subjects in this domain that the PSF can
assist, fund or help guide. This committee will make recommendations to
the membership, the board and its committees and act as a guiding hand
for the PSF in this domain. The committee will be chaired by
David Mertz (PSF Director). The initial membership will be the following
individuals: Gloria Jacobs (PSF Director), Jessica McKellar,
Daniel Greenfeld, Audrey Roy, Ned Batchelder, Asheesh Laroia,
Simon Law and Yannick Gingras.
Work Group Resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Outreach and Education Committee shall be a working group of the Python Software Foundation, co-chaired by David Mertz and Jessica McKellar. Membership shall consist of co-chairs, in addition to Aahz, Alex Gaynor, Anna Ravenscroft, Brian Curtin, Chris Calloway, Lynn Root, and Jesse Noller. Co-chairs shall, by joint agreement, have the power to add or remove committee members, with the current membership roster to be approved by the Python Software Foundation Board of Directors at least once per year
Approved 10-0-1 by IRC vote, 26 July, 2013.
Sprint Work Group
Formed:May 2010
Mailing List:sprints at python.org
The committee will be responsible for the coordination and review and
approval of sprint proposals.  For more information, see the
sprints website.
Establishing resolution:
RESOLVED, that the Board approves the creation of a specific
"Targeted Sprint Committee" and allocates a yearly budget of 5000 USD
for the funding of targeted, community based sprints with Jesse Noller
as the initial Chairman, and additional members as needed per project
requirements and approved by the board.
Public Support Committee (PSC)
Dissolved:February 25, 2007
Formed:August 13, 2002
Chairman:Stephan Deibel
Members:Steve Holden, Neil Norwitz, David Goodger, and Stephan Deibel
Mailing List:http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/psc
The Public Support Committee (PSC) is charged with fund raising for
the PSF, which it does by creating fund raising messages, ads, and
materials, soliciting donations from private and commercial
contributors, and managing the PSF's fund raising infrastructure.
Charter
RESOLVED, That the Public Support Committee (PSC) be made up of the
following initial members: Stephan Deibel, Jeremy Hylton, Marc-Andre
Lemburg, Tim Peters, Aahz, Alex Martelli, Neil Norwitz and Greg Ward,
that the committee follows rules analog to those set forth in the PSF
bylaws for the PSF board with respect to voting and meetings, and that
Marc-Andre Lemburg will be the initial chairman of the PSC.
Amended Charter (2004-04-13)
RESOLVED, that the Public Support Committee formed in August 2002
shall continue under current membership and leadership, and that the
committee's activities shall now be constrained to all aspects of fund
raising for the PSF, including but not limited to (1) creation of fund
raising messages, ads, and materials, (2) soliciting of donations from
private and company contributors, and (3) management of fund raising
infrastructure.
Public Relations Committee (PRC)
Dissolved:April 12, 2005
Formed:April 13, 2004
Chairman:Steve Holden
Members:Aahz, Kevin Altis, Steve Holden, Andrew Kuchling,
Tim Parkin, Barry Warsaw
Mailing List:http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/psf-prc
The Public Relations Committee (PRC) is responsible for the
development of official informational, marketing, and advocacy
materials for the Python programming language.  This includes the
python.org website and brand identities associated with the PSF and
Python, among other things.  The PRC also promotes Python in
commercial, governmental and educational contexts, in order to
facilitate the recruitment of new users and contributors to the
language.
Establishing Resolution
RESOLVED, that a Public Relations (PR) Committee is formed,
with Tim Parkin, Kevin Altis, Aahz, Barry Warsaw, Andrew
Kuchling, and Steve Holden as initial members, and Steve Holden
as the initial chairman and Vice President of Public Relations,
that the PR Committee replaces and subsumes the activities of
the previously disbanded Web Committee, and that the PR Committee
shall:
Facilitate and oversee the development and maintenance of the
official informational, marketing, and advocacy materials for the
Python programming language, including but not limited to those
appearing on python.org, brochures, and press releases.
Ensure that content and design for such materials is consistent and
appropriate with the mission and requirements of the Python
Software Foundation and the needs and ideals of the Python open
source community.
Develop and manage brand identities associated with the Python
Software Foundation and Python.
Actively promote Python in commercial, governmental and educational
contexts, in order to facilitate the recruitment of new users and
contributors to Python.
Python Conference Committee (PCC)
Dissolved:March 14, 2008
Formed:Oct 14, 2003
Chairman:Andrew Kuchling
Members:David Ascher, David Goodger, Steve Holden (secretary),
Andrew Kuchling (chair)
Mailing List:http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/pycon-organizers
The PyCon Committee runs PyCon, the annual
developer-oriented conference for the Python programming language.
Establishing Resolution
RESOLVED, that the Foundation establish a Project Management
Committee, the Python Conference Committee, responsible for organizing
and sponsoring conferences that advance the Foundation's mission. The
committee is authorized to incur expenses up to a limit establish by
the board for a specific conference. The chairman of the committee
shall be Vice President of the Corporation. The initial members of the
committee shall be David Ascher, Steve Holden, and Jeremy
Hylton. Ascher will be its initial chairman.
Amending Resolution (2005-05-06)
RESOLVED, that Andrew Kuchling be appointed a member of the Python
Conference Committee, and that he be appointed the new chair of this
Committee. By this resolution, the membership of the Committee will be
David Ascher, Steve Holden (secretary), Jeremy Hylton, Andrew Kuchling
(chair).
Amending Resolution (2007-01-08)
RESOLVED, that the Conference Committee chair be authorized to appoint
and dismiss committee members, subject to prompt reporting to the
Board.
Cuban Pythonistas Work Group
Formed:March 2015
Moderator:David Mertz
Mailing List:python-cuba at python.org
Current resolution June 2015:
RESOLVED, that the Python Software Foundation recognize the Python Cuba Workgroup as an official PSF workgroup.
The PSF
The Python Software Foundation is the organization behind Python. Become a member of the PSF and help advance the software and our mission. 
▲ Back to Top
About
Applications
Quotes
Getting Started
Help
Python Brochure
Downloads
All releases
Source code
Windows
macOS
Other Platforms
License
Alternative Implementations
Documentation
Docs
Audio/Visual Talks
Beginner's Guide
Developer's Guide
FAQ
Non-English Docs
PEP Index
Python Books
Python Essays
Community
Diversity
Mailing Lists
IRC
Forums
PSF Annual Impact Report
Python Conferences
Special Interest Groups
Python Logo
Python Wiki
Code of Conduct
Community Awards
Get Involved
Shared Stories
Success Stories
Arts
Business
Education
Engineering
Government
Scientific
Software Development
News
Python News
PSF Newsletter
PSF News
PyCon US News
News from the Community
Events
Python Events
User Group Events
Python Events Archive
User Group Events Archive
Submit an Event
Contributing
Developer's Guide
Issue Tracker
python-dev list
Core Mentorship
Report a Security Issue
▲ Back to Top
 
Help & General Contact
Diversity Initiatives
Submit Website Bug
Status 
Copyright ©2001-2024.
                             Python Software Foundation
                             Legal Statements
                             Privacy Policy