Safari - Apple
AppleStoreMaciPadiPhoneWatchVisionAirPodsTV & HomeEntertainmentAccessoriesSupport
0+
Safari
Blazing fast. Incredibly private.
Safari is the best way to experience the internet on all your Apple devices. It brings robust customization options, powerful privacy protections, and optimizes battery life — so you can browse how you like, when you like. And when it comes to speed, it’s the world’s fastest browser.1
Learn how to make Safari your default browser
Performance
More with the battery.Less with the loading.
With a blazing-fast JavaScript engine, Safari is the world’s fastest browser.1 It’s developed to run specifically on Apple devices, so it’s geared to make the most out of your battery life and deliver long-lasting power.
Increased performance
We’re always working to make the fastest desktop browser on the planet even faster.
+50%faster on average at loading frequently visited websites than Chrome2
Improved power efficiency
Safari lets you do more online on a single charge.
Up to 4 hours more streaming videos compared with Chrome3
Up to 17 hours of video streaming3
Best-in-class browsing
Safari outperforms both Mac and PC browsers in benchmark after benchmark on the same Mac.4
							JetStream
						
/
							MotionMark
						
/
							Speedometer
						
/
JavaScript performance on advanced web applications.4
Safari vs. other Mac browsers
Safari on macOS
1.6x
faster
Chrome on macOS
Edge on macOS
Firefox on macOS
 Safari vs. Windows 11 browsers
Safari on macOS
1.9x
faster
Chrome on Windows 11
Edge on Windows 11
Firefox on Windows 11
 
Rendering performance of animated content.4
Safari vs. other Mac browsers
Safari on macOS
3.0x
faster
Chrome on macOS
Edge on macOS
Firefox on macOS
 Safari vs. Windows 11 browsers
Safari on macOS
5.1x
faster
Chrome on Windows 11
Edge on Windows 11
Firefox on Windows 11
 
Web application responsiveness.4
Safari vs. other Mac browsers
Safari on macOS
1.2x
faster
Chrome on macOS
Edge on macOS
Firefox on macOS
 Safari vs. Windows 11 browsers
Safari on macOS
1.7x
faster
Chrome on Windows 11
Edge on Windows 11
Firefox on Windows 11
 
4K video streaming
See your favorite shows and films in their best light. Safari supports in-browser 4K HDR video playback for YouTube, Netflix, and Apple TV+.5 And it runs efficiently for longer-lasting battery life.
Privacy
Privacy is built in.
Online privacy isn’t just something you should hope for — it’s something you should expect. That’s why Safari comes with industry-leading privacy protection technology built in, including Intelligent Tracking Prevention that identifies trackers and helps prevent them from profiling or following you across the web. Upgrading to iCloud+ gives you even more privacy protections, including the ability to sign up for websites and services without having to share your personal email address.
Learn more about privacy at Apple 
Intelligent Tracking Prevention
Safari stops trackers in their tracks.
More about tracking prevention
Intelligent Tracking Prevention
What you browse is no one’s business but your own. Safari has built‑in protections to help stop websites and data-collection companies from watching and profiling you based on your browsing activity. Intelligent Tracking Prevention uses on‑device intelligence to help prevent cross‑site tracking and stops known trackers from using your IP address — making it incredibly difficult to learn who you are and what you’re interested in.
Privacy Report
Safari makes it simple to see how your privacy is protected on all the websites you visit. Click Privacy Report in the Safari menu for a snapshot of cross-site trackers currently prevented from profiling you on the website you’re visiting. Or view a weekly Privacy Report to see how Safari protects you as you browse over time.
Customization
Putting the you in URL.
Safari is more customizable than ever. Organize your tabs into Tab Groups so it’s easy to go from one interest to the next. Set a custom background image and fine-tune your browser window with your favorite features — like Reading List, Favorites, iCloud Tabs, and Siri Suggestions. And third-party extensions for iPhone, iPad, and Mac let you do even more with Safari, so you can browse the way you want across all your devices.
Profiles
Safari Profiles allow you to separate your history, extensions, Tab Groups, favorites, cookies, and more. Quickly switch between profiles for topics you create, like Personal and Work.
Web apps
Web apps let you save your favorite websites to the Dock on Mac and to the Home Screen on iPhone and iPad. A simplified toolbar and separate settings give you an app-like experience.
Extensions
Safari Extensions add functionality to your browser to help you explore the web the way you want. Find and add your favorite extensions in the dedicated Safari category on the App Store.
Extensions for MacExtensions for iPhone and iPad 
Tab Groups
Save and organize your tabs in the way that works best for you. Name your Tab Groups, edit them, and switch among them across devices. You can also share Tab Groups — making planning your next family trip or group project easier and more collaborative.
Smart Tools
Designed to helpyour work flow.
Built-in tools create a browsing experience that’s far more immersive, intuitive, and immediate. Get detailed information about a subject in a photo with just a click, select text within any image, instantly translate an entire web page, and quickly take notes wherever you are on a site — without having to switch apps.
Quick Note
Notes is your go-to app to capture any thought. And with the Quick Note feature, you can instantly jot down ideas as you browse websites without having to leave Safari.
Translation
Translate entire web pages with a single click. You can also get translations for text in images and paused video without leaving Safari.
Explore the full list of available languages 
Hallo
Hola
Bonjour
Hello
Привет
你好
Olá
こんにちは
Live Text
Interact with text in any image or paused video on the web using functions like copy and paste, translate, and lookup.6
Visual Look Up
Quickly learn more about landmarks, works of art, breeds of dogs, and more with only a photo or an image you find online. And easily lift the subject of an image from Safari, remove its background, and paste it into Messages, Notes, or other apps.
Security
Surf safe and sound.
Strong security protections in Safari help keep you safe. Passkeys introduce a safer way to sign in. iCloud Keychain securely stores and autofills passkeys and passwords across all your devices. Safari also notifies you when it encounters suspicious websites and prevents them from loading. Because it loads each web page in a separate process, any harmful code is always confined to a single browser tab so it won’t crash the entire application or access your data. And Safari automatically upgrades sites from HTTP to the more secure HTTPS when available.
Passkeys
Passkeys introduce a more secure and easier way to sign in. No passwords required.
More about passkeys
Passkeys
Passkeys are end-to-end encrypted and safe from phishing and data leaks, and they are stronger than all common two-factor authentication types. Thanks to iCloud Keychain, they work across all your Apple devices, and they even work on non-Apple devices.
Learn more about passkeys
Shopping
Apple Pay and Wallet make checkout as easy as lifting a finger.
More about shopping
Shopping
Apple Pay is the easiest and most secure way to shop on Safari — allowing you to complete transactions with Face ID or Touch ID on your iPhone or iPad, with Touch ID on your MacBook Pro or MacBook Air, or by double-clicking the side button on your Apple Watch.
Learn more about Apple Pay
With AutoFill, you can easily fill in your previously saved credit card information from the Wallet app during checkout. Your credit card details are never shared, and your transactions are protected with industry-leading security.
Continuity
Same Safari.Different device.
Safari works seamlessly and syncs your passwords, bookmarks, history, tabs, and more across Mac, iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. And when your Mac, iOS, or iPadOS devices are near each other, they can automatically pass what you’re doing in Safari from one device to another using Handoff. You can even copy images, video, or text from Safari on your iPhone or iPad, then paste into another app on your nearby Mac — or vice versa.
Learn more about continuity 
Handoff
Reading List
iCloud Keychain
Handoff.
When you use Safari on multiple devices, your tabs carry over from one Apple device to another. So you can search, shop, work, or browse on your iPhone, then switch to your iPad or Mac and pick up right where you left off.
Reading List.
Save web pages you want to read later by adding them to your Reading List. Then view them on any of your iCloud-connected devices — even if you’re not connected to the internet.
iCloud Keychain.
iCloud Keychain securely stores your user names, passkeys, passwords, and credit card numbers and keeps them up to date on your trusted devices. So you can easily sign in to your favorite websites — as well as apps on iOS and iPadOS — and quickly make online purchases.
Designed for developers.
Deep WebKit integration between Mac hardware and macOS allows Safari to deliver the fastest performance and the longest battery life of any browser on the platform, while supporting modern web standards for rich experiences in the browser. WebKit in macOS Sonoma includes optimizations that enable even richer browsing experiences, and give developers more control over styling and layout — allowing for more engaging content.
Learn more
Resources
Make Safari your default browser
Learn more 
Customize your start page
Learn more 
View your browsing Privacy Report
Learn more 
Monitor your saved passwords
Learn more 
Use Apple Pay in Safari
Learn more 
View your tabs across all your devices
Learn more 
Read the Safari user guide
Learn more 
Get Safari support
Learn more 
Apple Footer
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2023 using JetStream 2.1, MotionMark 1.2, and Speedometer 2.1 performance benchmarks. Tested with prerelease Safari 17.0 and latest stable versions of Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Firefox at the time of testing on: 13-inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M2 and prerelease macOS Sonoma, and Intel Core i7-based PC systems with Intel Iris Xe Graphics and Windows 11 Home; iPad Pro 12.9-inch (6th generation) units with prerelease iPadOS 17.0, and Intel Core i7-based PC systems with Intel Iris Xe Graphics and Windows 11 Pro; and iPhone 14 Pro Max with prerelease iOS 17.0, and Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 2-based smartphones with Android 13. Devices tested with a WPA2 Wi-Fi network connection. Performance will vary based on usage, system configuration, network connection, and other factors.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2023 by measuring page load performance of snapshot versions of 10 popular websites under simulated network conditions. Tested on production 13-inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M2, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, and prerelease macOS Sonoma. Tested with prerelease Safari 17.0 and Chrome v117.0.5938.62. Performance will vary based on usage, system configuration, network connection, and other factors.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2023 on production 13-inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M2, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, and prerelease macOS Sonoma. Systems tested with WPA2 Wi-Fi network connection while running on battery power, with display brightness set to 8 clicks from bottom or 50%. Video streaming (1080p on Safari and Chrome) tested on prerelease Safari 17.0 and Chrome v117.0.5938.62. Not all features are available on all devices. Performance will vary based on system configuration, application workload, and other factors.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2023 using JetStream 2.1, MotionMark 1.2, and Speedometer 2.1 performance benchmarks. Performance values are rounded; Safari scored higher than other browsers across these benchmarks at the time of testing. Tested on production 13-inch MacBook Air systems with Apple M2, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, and prerelease macOS Sonoma, and Intel Core i7-based PC systems with Intel Iris Xe Graphics and the latest version of Windows 11 Home available at the time of testing. Tested with prerelease Safari 17.0 and Chrome v117.0.5938.62 on macOS, Chrome v117.0.5938.63 on Windows, and Microsoft Edge v116.0.1938.62 and Firefox v117.0 on macOS and Windows, with WPA2 Wi-Fi network connection. Performance will vary based on system configuration, network connection, and other factors.
HDR video playback requires a 4K monitor or above.
Live Text is currently supported in English, Chinese, French, Italian, German, Portuguese, and Spanish.

Apple
Safari
Shop and Learn
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Account
Manage Your Apple ID
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
For Healthcare
Apple in Healthcare
Health on Apple Watch
Health Records on iPhone
For Government
For Government
Shop for Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Apple Values
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supplier Responsibility
About Apple
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
			More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright ©
				
				2024
				 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
			
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map