Secure, Fast, & Private Web Browser with Adblocker | Brave
        Yes
      
        Dismiss
      
                          Browser 
                          
  
Downloads
                                          
                                      
Desktop
Android
iOS
Features
                                          
                                              
  
Shields
VPN
Leo AI
Wallet
Rewards
Playlist
News
Talk
Advanced privacy
All features
                          Brave Search 
                          
  
Try Brave Search
About Brave Search
Web Discovery Project
                          Why Brave 
                          
  
Browser & search guides
Privacy, extensions, and the best option for every platform.
Web3 guides
Crypto, NFTs, and all things blockchain. Learn the basics of Web3.
Privacy glossary
Short, plain-language intros to common Internet and computer terms.
Compare
See how Brave stacks up against other browsers.
AI guides
LLMs, machine learning, and the foundations of AI, for both users and devs.
Blogs
                                          
                                      
Brave blog
Privacy updates
Web standards
Research
Brave podcast
                          Search API 
                          
  
About Brave Search API
Developer login
                          Private advertising 
                          
  
Overview
Ads Manager
Audience
Case studies
Help center
Why private ads?
Brave ads formats
Search ads
New tab takeovers
Newsfeed ads
Notification ads
More ads resources
Get Brave
Try Brave Search
        
            The browser that puts you first
        
    
Block ads. Save data. And get way faster websites.
Just by switching your browser.
Get Brave
Stay safer online
By default, Brave blocks trackers & ads on the websites you visit, keeping you more private online.
This is a Vimeo video. You'll need JavaScript enabled to view this.
This is a Vimeo video. You'll need JavaScript enabled to view this.
Online privacy made simple
All the good of ad-blocking, incognito windows, private search, even VPN. All in a single download.
Switch in 60 seconds
Quickly import bookmarks, extensions, even saved passwords. It’s the best of your old browser, only safer. And it only takes a minute to switch.
The new super app
Brave brings truly independent search, free video calls, offline playlists, even a customizable news feed. All private. All right to your browser super app.
Privacy you can see
Blocking ads & trackers means less stuff (visible or hidden) on the sites you visit. And that means faster page load, better battery life, even mobile data savings.
Online privacy by default: Brave vs. other browsers
Strong protection
No protection
Limited protection
Built-in features
Brave
Chrome
DDG
Edge
Firefox
Safari
Invasive ads blocked
Cross-site trackers blocked
Third-party cookie tracking blocked
Fingerprinting blocked (cookie-less trackers)
Malware & phishing protection*
Protections against bounce tracking
Anonymized network routing (Tor mode)
Assert opt-out privacy rights (GPC)
            * Google safe browsing + malware & phishing protection from crowd-sourced lists. Table describes default desktop browser configurations.
        
Advanced features
                Only here for the privacy? We got you. Just
                download
                and enjoy…
                
            Want a more bespoke experience? Brave’s got great customizations, too:
Advanced security
Built-in IPFS integration, onion routing with Tor, custom filter lists, and more security features.
Brave Rewards
Earn crypto tokens for your attention by opting in to privacy-preserving, first-party ads.
Crypto wallet
A secure, browser-native wallet to buy, store, send, and swap your crypto assets.
Join the more than 60 million people (and counting) who trust Brave for a faster, safer Web
Import bookmarks and extensions from your old browser in one click.
Get Brave
Is the Brave Browser safe?
Brave is one of the safest browsers on the market today. It blocks privacy-invasive ads & trackers. It blocks third-party data storage. It protects from browser fingerprinting. It upgrades every webpage possible to secure https connections. And it does all this by default.
It’s also built off the open-source Chromium Web core, which powers browsers used by billions of people worldwide. This source code is arguably vetted by more security researchers than any other browser. In short, not only is Brave safe to use, it’s much safer than almost any other browser. Learn more.
How do I download & install Brave?
                    Brave is available on nearly all desktop computers (Windows, macOS, Linux) and nearly every mobile device (Android and iOS). To get started, simply download the Brave browser for desktop, for Android, or for iOS.
                
Does Brave have a VPN?
                    Yes! Brave Firewall + VPN protects everything you do online, on your entire device, even outside the Brave Browser. One subscription covers up to 5 devices, across Android, iOS, and desktop.
                
What languages is Brave available in?
                    The Brave Browser is available in nearly 160 languages in all, including four different dialects of Chinese. Brave Search is currently available in English, French, German, Japanese, and Spanish, with support for many more languages coming soon.
                
Who owns Brave?
                    The Brave Browser, Brave Search, and all their various features are made by Brave Software Inc, an independent, privately-held company. Brave is not beholden to any other tech company, and works every single day to fight Big Tech’s terrible privacy abuses. Brave exists to help real people, not some faceless tech company.
                
Is Brave open source?
                    Yes. The Brave Browser is built on the open-source Chromium Web core and our own client code is released under the Mozilla Public License 2.0.
                
How does Brave compare to Chrome?
                    Simply put, the Brave Browser is 3x faster than Google Chrome. By blocking privacy-invading ads & trackers by default, there’s less stuff to load on every single webpage you visit. That means pages load much faster, saving you time, money, and battery life. It also means you’re much safer online. Learn more.
                
Is Brave free?
Yes, Brave is completely free to use. Simply download the Brave browser for desktop, for Android, or for iOS to get started. You can also use Brave Search free from any browser at search.brave.com, or set it as your default search engine.
Brave also has some great, subscription-based features, including Brave Talk Premium and Brave Firewall + VPN.
What is BAT, and how do I earn it?
BAT is short for Basic Attention Token. BAT is a crypto asset, and a key (but totally optional) part of the Brave Rewards ecosystem. Here’s how it works:
Brave Rewards gives you the option to view first-party, privacy-protecting ads while you browse (these ads are from the Brave Private Ads network). If you choose to view them, you earn BAT, via the Brave Rewards program.
You can keep BAT like any other crypto asset, or use it to tip the content publishers you love. Brave even gives you a secure way to store BAT (and any other crypto asset), with Brave Wallet. And, again, Brave Rewards is a totally optional program.
Other tech companies steal your data to sell ads—to them, you are the product. Brave is different. We think your attention is valuable (and private!), and that you should get a fair share of the revenue for any advertising you choose to view. That fair share is rewarded in BAT.
Get Brave
Resources
Help center
Community
What's new in Brave?
Release notes
Status
FAQs
Transparency report
Merch store
Privacy policy
Brave Browser
Website & email
Publishers & creators
Advertisers
CCPA
Browser
Desktop
Android
iOS
Linux
Beta
Nightly
Company
About
Blog
Brand assets
Careers
Events
GitHub
Research
Reviews
Tor Onion address
Social media
Reddit
X (formerly Twitter)
Mastodon
Facebook
YouTube
Products
Search
Rewards
Wallet
Firewall + VPN
Talk
News
Playlist
All features
Basic Attention Token
YouTube ad blocker
Contact
Support
community.brave.com
Advertising
adsales@brave.com Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com.
Business
bizdev@brave.com
Press
press@brave.com
Developer docs
Wallet docs
Creators
Overview
Creators media kit
Offices
Brave San Francisco
580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105
Choose a language
English
English (India)
日本語
中文 (中国)
한국어
Deutsch
Français
Español
Italiano
Português
Filipino
हिन्दी
bahasa Indonesia
Nederlands
Polski
Русский
Tiếng Việt
Català
Română
Terms of use | Report a security issue
© 2015 - 2024 Brave Software, Inc. | All rights reserved
Almost there…
You’re just 60 seconds away from the best privacy online
                If your download didn’t start automatically,
                click here.
Download Brave
Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete.
Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up).
Run the installer
Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave.
Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave.
Import settings
During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser.
Need help?
Get better privacy. Everywhere!
Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go.
Click this file to install Brave
Click this file to install Brave
Click this file to install Brave
Click this file to install Brave
12345